	During my time at Curtis Junior High School, I was very active in my school community. I was very friendly and made friends really easily. I participated in
 some of the clubs around the school like Builders Club and did many different volunteer activities like helping out at the apple orchard and doing a walk for
 cancer. I also got to become the treasurer of the club where I handled fundraisers and other club activities. During this time I managed to get onto the honor
 roll wall with a 3.7 GPA. Later on in High School I took on Honors English, Key Club, and worked on getting into Running Start. I even got an award that year 
called the Culminating Project Award and the Volunteer Service award for getting over 100% on my culminating project and doing over 100 hours of volunteer service.
 The next year I got into Running Start and began earning college credits at Tacoma Community College. I am now a junior at the University of Washington Tacoma 
and in the bachelors program for computer sciences.
	For my career, I want to go into computer sciences with emphasis on computer programming and visual design. The reason why I want to go into computer
 sciences is because I have always found it fascinating how you can use code to make computer processes more efficient. I have also been fascinated by how 
computer code and visual design can come together to make videogames and programs like Photoshop. Aside from the software, the hardware of a computer is also 
very interesting and complex. Computers are becoming smaller and more efficient then they have ever been before by improving the hardware as well as the software.
 A modern smart phone has multiple times the processing power then was used to send a man to the moon. I have already attended multiple computer classes and 
have enough basic programming knowledge to make small programs. Some of the classes I have taken include Introduction to Object Oriented Programming one and two,
 Machine Organization, Discrete Structures, and Programming Practicum. Other side classes I have taken include Microsoft Office Specialist, Digital Engineering,
 and Video Productions.
	I have surrounded myself with good life-long friends that will always be there for me. I have a great family that has taught me integrity and the value
 of hard work. I am also a Christian and being a Christian has taught me honesty, kindness, and respect for others. Having great friends, a great family, and a
 great Christian community has helped me through a lot of turmoil throughout my life. This is because I used to be bullied for being the shortest person in the
 school. Because I was bullied about my height, I had difficulty trusting other people. I also had a difficult family situation a few years back. Despite all of
 this, my friends and my family helped me make it through these hard years of my life and I came out being a better person then before. Through my experiences I
 have felt much more interested in community and other cultures so that I may learn more from other people and so that I can better help my community. Through this
 I decided to start taking language classes and I have now taken two years of ASL and I am currently learning Japanese outside of school. I had also worked at the
 food bank for a while and volunteered at my local church. 
I have a very good memory and I am a fast learner. I learn best when I see what I am supposed to do and have a bit of hands on experience before I do it. I also
 love helping and getting to know new people. I am responsible, reliable, and willing to ask for help when I need it. I have integrity and I am respectful of 
other people. If I see that someone needs help I am usually one of the first to help. 
	I have played both soccer and baseball on recreational teams from the time I was five years old till I was fourteen. One year my baseball team and I 
overcame a major trial. We had lost the league horribly the year before because we were facing a lot of teams that were much older then us, but we stuck with it
 and the next year we went undefeated against the very same teams that we lost against the year before. The same sort of thing happened in soccer as well except
 we were only able to place second in the championships. Through these trials I learned to never give up and I learned better time management. 
	Recently I have started a new hobby that I like to do with my dad. It is where we go and search for valuable gems and minerals. This has taught me the
 value of hard work and endurance in school. I decided to pick up this hobby because I have always been fascinated in geology so I used this fascination to hunt
 down and learn about rocks and minerals. I have also gone on a family road trip around west coast so that I could learn about the history of the surrounding 
states. Some of the places we went include Yosemite, Glacier, Great Basin, Yellowstone, and the La Brea Tar Pits to name a few. This has taught me to be open 
minded about what I know and that I can always learn new things.
	My short term goal in life is to earn my degree and then get a good job that pays decently so that I can live comfortably. My long term goal is to find 
a nice place to live and earn enough money to be able to at least move out of my parent’s house after I get a job and pay off my debt. I would also like to use the
 left over money I have to invest and then use those investments as donations to help poor people in my community and around the world. I would also like to be 
able to get a job that pays enough that I can travel. I would love to be able to visit Japan or England at some point so that I can learn more about the culture 
and how they differ from us.

